PwC is all about you. Your personal and professional development, your achievement, your lifelong learning, your individuality and your choices. Whether you're just starting out or an experienced professional, your future starts here. Explore our career opportunities and perhaps you will be able to see yourself at PwC.
PwC/LOS Overview
PwC is a network of firms committed to delivering quality in assurance, tax and advisory services.

We help resolve complex issues for our clients and identify opportunities. Learn more about us at www.pwc.com/us.

At PwC, we develop leaders at all levels. The distinctive leadership framework we call the PwC Professional (http://pwc.to/pwcpro) provides our people with a road map to grow their skills and build their careers. Our approach to ongoing development shapes employees into leaders, no matter the role or job title.

Are you ready to build a career in a rapidly changing world? Developing as a PwC Professional means that you will be ready
- to create and capture opportunities to advance your career and fulfill your potential. To learn more, visit us at www.pwc.com/careers.

The PwC network is a global market leader in tax services.

We assist businesses, individuals, and organizations with tax strategy, planning, and compliance, while also delivering a wide range of business advisory services.

With over 32,000 tax professionals, this means that the PwC network can support our clients both locally and globally.

We have experience working with an expansive and diverse client-base, which comprises all types of businesses-multinationals, local companies, privately-owned organizations, entrepreneurs, family businesses, trusts, partnerships, and private individuals.

Job Description
As a Tax professional, no two days are the same.

The challenges you will face will change continually, and the solutions you devise will be critical to the success of the business.

In order to succeed, you need to be creative and analytical; dynamic and collaborative; a strategic thinker and possess a consistent passion to learn.

This is Tax at PricewaterhouseCoopers. And we invite you to become a part of it. 

As a leading provider of Human Resource advisory services, PwC Tax brings together a broad range of professionals working in the human resources services arena, affording our clients a tremendous breadth and depth of expertise, both locally and globally.

Our areas of expertise include compensation, benefits, retirement, HR strategy, regulatory compliance, culture and change, communications and financial planning.

PwC's Global Human Resource Services practice assists clients in improving the performance of all aspects of Human Capital and the HR organization through technical excellence, thought leadership and innovation around four core business issues: financial management, risk management and compliance, operational excellence, and transaction effectiveness.

Our expertise in tax, accounting, the financial aspects of compensation and benefit plans, actuarial and compliance issues, combined with our knowledge of best practices, sets us apart.

With practitioners in offices around the world, PwC helps to drive shareholder value for our clients by helping them align human capital strategies with business strategies.

Position/Program Requirements
Minimum Year(s) of Experience: 0

Minimum Academic Requirements: Pursuing a Bachelor's degree in actuarial science, statistics, finance, economics, accounting, mathematics or similar quantitative disciplines

Preferred cumulative GPA: 3.3
Preferred Major GPA: 3.3

Eligible students should be in the 3rd year of a 4 yr degree program or in the 4th year of a 5yr program. Client service interns typically join us during the winter/spring or summer prior to their intended graduation year.


Job Duties: 
Play a role as an intern in PwC's Global Human Resource Services provided to clients. Participate in select phases of HR advisory projects with specific focus on tax implications. Participate in select projects; demonstrate creative thinking, flexibility and individual initiative. Contribute to collaborative teamwork, through working effectively as a team member: understanding personal and team roles; contributing to a positive working environment by building solid relationships with team members; proactively seeking guidance, clarification and feedback. Flexibility in prioritizing and completing tasks; and communicating potential conflicts to a supervisor.


Job Requirements: 
A desire to pursue a career in human resource and benefits consulting. Ability to interact with various levels of client and firm management through both written and verbal communications. Demonstrated self-motivation and has a desire to take responsibility for personal growth and career development.