Growth mindset: At Microsoft, we're insatiably curious and always learning.
We ask questions, take risks and build on each other's ideas, because we are better together.
We lean in to uncertainty, take risks and move quickly when we make mistakes, because we know that failure happens along the way to innovation and breakthrough.
Diversity and inclusion: We don't just value differences, we seek them out.
We value diverse perspectives.
These three goals are interconnected, they're bold - and they're why we are always looking to bring even more brilliant and creative people to our team.
At Microsoft, you will collaborate with a team of programming experts to solve problems and build some of the world's most advanced services and devices.
You are the link between abstract concepts and delivered solutions – the one who understands the consumer, solving problems, and building applications that will impact millions of people.
Program managers (PMs) are the in-house advocates for millions of people worldwide who predict and research how software is used and work closely with SWE to ensure our products exceed people's expectations.
You drive the technical vision, design, and implementation of software solutions.
A bachelor's, master's or doctorate degree in engineering, computer science or related field (within six months of graduation).$skill$
A year or two of experience programming in C++, Java or other computer programming languages preferred.$skill$
A year or two of experience in C/C++/C#/VB.NET and experience designing and developing tool architecture preferred.$skill$
Familiarity with managing complex project schedules, solving complex problems and nurturing cross-group collaboration.$skill$
Strong technical prowess, including understanding of algorithms, systems architecture and end-user experience.$skill$
Ability to think unconventionally to derive creative and innovative solutions.
Demonstrated expertise in feature definition, design and feasibility.$skill$
Demonstrated skill in estimating development time.$skill$
Demonstrated skills in negotiation and conflict management.$skill$
You are required to think about the customer to ensure stellar product quality, and you provide technical guidance to PMs as they communicate user needs and product requirements.
You'll be part of an inclusive and diverse team, and you'll receive the training you need to help keep us - and you - greater than.
Your responsibilities might include conducting research, analyzing data, testing software, or writing reports.$skill$
Real business experience and client interactions$skill$
Dynamic company culture.
Volunteerism through our annual Intern Day of Service.
The majority of our internship roles are available for students who have completed their junior year of undergraduate study or first year of an MBA.
Join Accenture and help transform leading organizations and communities around the world.
The sheer scale of our capabilities and client engagements and the way we collaborate, operate and deliver value provides an unparalleled opportunity to grow and advance.
Choose Accenture, and make delivering innovative work part of your extraordinary career.
They progress through required promotion into market-facing roles that have a direct impact on sales.
Business and Systems Integration professionals analyze, design and/or develop best practice business changes through technology solutions.$skill$
The Financial Services; Insurance Technology Senior Manager provides consultative Business and System Integration services to help clients implement effective solutions.
Understands and translates customer needs into business and technology solutions via the analysis, design and/or development of best practice business changes.$skill$
Financial Services professionals design, implement and deploy packaged software solutions that have been developed to accommodate unique Financial Services industry business and management processes, regulatory requirements and other business needs.$skill$
Provides solutions to complex business problems for area(s) of responsibility where analysis of situations requires an in depth knowledge of organizational objectives.
Sets strategic direction to establish near term goals for area of responsibility.$skill$
Interacts with senior management levels at a client and/or within Accenture, which involves negotiating or influencing on significant matters.$skill$
We recruit well-rounded, inquisitive students with a track record of outstanding academic performance and high learning agility.$skill$
Every day, you'll leverage Accenture's end-to-end capabilities in strategy, digital, technology and operations to help transform the world's leading organizations, and help our clients reach their goals.
You'll build credibility, relevance and meaningful relationships with both colleagues and clients.
Every day, you'll continue to advance your skills through interesting, challenging work in our dynamic, fast-paced environment.
Constantly learning and staying ahead of global market dynamics
Working in a team environment that closely integrates trading, quantitative research and technology
Innovating using one of the industry's most powerful trading platforms
Background in finance, economics, applied math, physics, statistics, engineering or computer science$skill$
Exceptional problem-solving skills and passion for financial markets
Experience with Excel, C, C++, Python or VBA is a plus$skill$
Employing deep fundamental research to construct long/short equities portfolios$skill$
Generating alpha by identifying out- and under-performing stocks$skill$
Working in a team environment to learn and grow with the potential opportunity for full-time employment
Previous experience in financial services prior to business school (e.g., private equity, long-only, equity research, investment banking)$skill$
Strong modeling skills and understanding of accounting/financial statements$skill$
Strong background in financial analysis and valuation$skill$
Working with large data sets to predict and test statistical market patterns$skill$
Translating math models and algorithms into code$skill$
Mixing quantitative disciplines with creative problem solving
Advanced training in math, statistics, computer science or other quantitative fields$skill$
Strong knowledge of probability and statistics$skill$
Experience with analytical packages (e.g. R, Matlab)$skill$
Familiarity with software development (e.g, C, C++, Java and /or Python)$skill$
It is an entrepreneurial environment that inspires strong ideas, healthy debate and constant collaboration.
SIG was founded with an entrepreneurial mindset and a rigorous analytical approach to decision making.
Building virtually all of our own trading technology from scratch, we are leaders and innovators in quantitative trading.
This team is responsible for supporting, maintaining and advancing our global messaging and mobility infrastructure.
In this role, you will gain exposure to a variety of technologies and tools such as Exchange, SharePoint, Good for Enterprise, and Skype for Business.
You will work directly with business and technical teams to provide solutions to both existing and emerging technologies within these platforms.
You will work with vendors to support and resolve issues with our current tools, as well as evaluate and test new features and tools that may help to optimize our current environment.
We value the ideas and recommendations of our team members and will look to you to help us continue to advance automation within this framework.
Bachelor's degree in Science, Technology, Engineering, Mathematics, or similar technical field required.$skill$
Experience with Microsoft technologies such as Active Directory, Exchange, SharePoint, Skype for Business or similar technologies required$skill$
Experience with mobility platforms such as Good for Enterprise, iOS, Android or similar tools strongly preferred$skill$
Scripting experience required; PowerShell preferred.$skill$
Experience with Office 365 a plus$skill$
Do you want to work on designing and developing real-time financial risk systems?
Understanding real-time risk is critical to trading decisions.
The Sydney Risk team is responsible for on delivering highly available applications used by the traders and risk committee for real-time market risk and other analysis (including limits, counterparty risk, P&L and scenario analysis).
As a Quantitative Developer in the Risk Team, you will be involved in the analysis, design and development of risk applications in a Front Office trading environment bringing a thorough understanding of the business domain (equity derivative pricing, greeks, market data and risk metrics). $skill$
You will work closely with the traders, quantitative analysts, compliance, and technology teams to provide innovative solutions with a focus on highly scalable systems.$skill$
A Bachelor's Degree (or higher) in a technical or related discipline.$skill$
Post graduate qualifications (e.g. Masters, CQF) in Quantitative Finance is preferred.
Solid knowledge and experience of derivative pricing and greeks.$skill$
Equity derivatives product knowledge across Asia and Australia is preferred.$skill$
An expert level C# developer with knowledge of: design, profiling, OO, multi-threading, user-interface development with experience on both the client & server side.$skill$
Solid experience in C++ on Windows or Linux is also desirable.$skill$
A demonstrated track record in risk, quantitative or trading systems development.$skill$
Experience of real time applications (especially with Tibco RV) would be advantageous.$skill$
Excellent attention to detail, accuracy and a thorough understanding of the full software development life-cycle.$skill$
Ideally with solid experience in an Agile environment.
Strong interpersonal and communication skills for interacting with traders, quantitative analysts, and other software developers.
Ability to meet deadlines and work well under pressure in a fast-paced team environment.
Collaborative. Anticipates the needs of others. Prepared. Authentic. Listens. Advocates and eliminates interference for others. Considers the whole person. Humble. 
Prioritizes. Distills a problem to its essence. Makes and communicates clear decisions. 
Passionate. Committed. Optimistic. Puts the Airbnb community first. Takes ownership and delivers results. Perpetuates belonging. 
Be a "Cereal" Entrepreneur. 
Flexible. Risk tolerant. Always learning. Curious. Open-minded. Brings joy to their work. 
Strong CS fundamentals gained through current pursuit of Bachelor's, Master's, or PhD degree in computer science, math or related discipline. $skill$
Five years setting vision and goals for development infrastructure across platforms, including: web, mobile, and native apps.$skill$
Previous experience working closely with engineering teams to understand their experience as builders and maintainers of code.$skill$
Proven experience executing tool development, services, and platforms, constantly checking for user satisfaction. 
Demonstrated success in setting rigorous metrics, and achieving goals. 
Ability to guide principles for the improvement of productivity of engineers specifically focusing on performance of critical development lifecycle stages. 
Motivation and ability to lead cross-functional teams in a highly collaborative environment.
Strong leadership skills, excellent written and oral communication skills.$skill$
Empathy for users and intuition for developing tech products that solve user needs.
Sharp analytical and critical thinking skills, can use data to drive strategic decisions.$skill$
We're a thoughtful, tightly-knit team that's committed to realizing ambitious ideas. 
