We never stop learning about our business, our world, or ourselves.
That's what inspires us, drives our work and pushes us to challenge the status quo every day.
At Microsoft we also work to empower our employees so they can achieve more.
We believe we should each find meaning in our work and we ensure employees have the freedom and the reach to help make a difference in the world.
We invite them in.
Microsoft is a place where employees can be who they are.
We can make a difference.
We know where we're going as a company and how we'll get there.
Your efforts on the design, development, and testing of next-generation applications will have an impact on millions of people.
As a SWE, you are dedicated to producing the world's most advanced software.
Are you ready to bring the new to your career?
An internship with Accenture will provide you with everything you need to start your career adventure.
You'll have the opportunity to experience our company culture, expand your network, and build skills that you'll be able to apply anywhere.
And you won't just be shadowing others - you'll be in the mix right from the start.
10 - 12 week paid summer internships for undergrad and MBA/advanced degree students
Multiple networking and professional development opportunities
Mentorship and collaboration with skilled executives and employees
Fun events with fellow interns
Opportunity for full-time job offer at the end of the summer
Applications are typically due in the early winter timeframe.
However, there are select schools that conduct interviews in the fall.
Students should check with their career center to find specific deadlines for their campus.
Students need to apply to both their campus career center posting and Accenture's website by their school's deadline to be considered.
Your resume and transcript are required to complete the application process.
People in our Client & Market career track drive profitable growth by developing market-relevant insights to increase market share or create new markets.
A professional at this position level within Accenture has the following responsibilities:
As one of the world's leading professional services companies- with capabilities in strategy, consulting, digital, technology and operations, and clients in virtually every industry - we have a range of career options that can satisfy the widest of interests.
Pursue your passion.
Hone your expertise.
Deepen your knowledge.
As an Accenture Consultant, you'll work with the best and the brightest in the business.
We do more than advise - we work at the heart of our clients' organizations and help address their most complex issues.
And you'll have diverse experiences, with the chance to do different kinds of assignments in your local market or in key cities around the world.
What's it like to work at Citadel?
Find out as global team members take a minute to give us a first person look inside.
For Deepthi, “#YearOne means being given responsibility that's solely your own. It's up to you to pursue greatness. It means seeing your work go into production – being able to see what you've created come to life.”
At Citadel, each team member brings something significant to the table.
Together, we work to create new frontiers in the investment world.
We are looking for multiple team members to join our Collaboration and Productivity Technologies team at our headquarters in Bala Cynwyd, PA, just outside of Center City Philadelphia.
This is a great opportunity that allows you to gain additional depth with the technologies you are familiar with, as well as grow and expand your technical knowledge and skills of messaging and mobility technologies.
Bachelor's degree in Science, Technology, Engineering, Mathematics, or similar technical field r
1+ years of experience with Windows systems administration r
SIG is a market leader and its continued success is based on the capabilities provided by our growing Technology and Quantitative Research teams.
Building these risk systems involves some of the most demanding challenges in any industry and we're willing to use any technologies that will give us an edge.
This complex software includes a combination of user-interfaces and server-side systems.
You will see your ideas and hard work used by experienced traders across a diverse range of instruments and markets.
